Add-Entries Processor (#6385)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _data-prepper/pipelines/configuration/processors/add-entries.md

| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `entries` | Yes | A list of entries to add to an event. |
| `key` | Yes | The key of the new entry to be added. Some examples of keys include `my_key`, `myKey`, and `object/sub_Key`. |

> | `metadata_key` | Yes | The key of the new metadata attribute to be added. Argument must be a literal string key and not JsonPointer. One of key or metadata_key is required. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `metadata_key` | Yes | The key for the new metadata attribute. Argument must be a literal string key and not a `JsonPointer`. Either one string key or `metadata_key` is required. |
```

Author: Backticks are not required `JsonPointer`

> | `metadata_key` | Yes | The key for the new metadata attribute. Argument must be a literal string key and not a JsonPointer. Either one string key or `metadata_key` is required. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `metadata_key` | Yes | The key for the new metadata attribute. The argument must be a literal string key and not a JSON Pointer. Either one string key or `metadata_key` is required. |
```

> | `metadata_key` | Yes | The key for the new metadata attribute. Argument must be a literal string key and not a `JsonPointer`. Either one string key or `metadata_key` is required. |

Reviewer 3: Let's remove the backticks from around "JsonPointer."

Author: Changed as suggested

> | `format` | No | A format string to use as value of the new entry to be added. For example, ${key1}-${ke2} where key1 and key2 are existing keys in the event. Required if value is not specified. |

Reviewer: What do you mean by, "Required if value is not specified?"

```suggestion
| `format` | No | A format string to use as the value of the new entry, for example, `${key1}-${key2}` where `key1` and `key2` are existing keys in the event. Required if a value is not specified. |
```

Author: `format` Required if `value` and `value_expression` is not specified

Author: Backticks are not required for key1 and key2. Required if a value is not specified means `format` option is required If `value` and `value_expression` are not specified.

> | `format` | No | A format string to use as the value of the new entry, for example, `${key1}-${key2}` where `key1` and `key2` are existing keys in the event. Required if `value` and `value_expression` is not specified. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `format` | No | A format string to use as the value of the new entry, for example, `${key1}-${key2}`, where `key1` and `key2` are existing keys in the event. Required if `value` and `value_expression` is not specified. |
```

> | `format` | No | A format string to use as the value of the new entry, for example, `${key1}-${key2}` where `key1` and `key2` are existing keys in the event. Required if `value` and `value_expression` is not specified. |

Reviewer 2: The last sentence needs some clarification. Do we mean "Required if neither `value` nor `value_expression` is specified" or "Required if both `value` and `value_expression` are not specified"?

Reviewer: The first one.

> | `value_expression` | No | An expression string to use as value of the new entry to be added. For example, /key where key is an existing key in the event of type Number/String/Boolean. Expressions can also contain functions returning Number/String/Integer. For example length(/key) would return the length of the key in the event and key must of String type. Please see expressions syntax document for complete list of supported functions. Required if value and `format are not specified. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `value_expression` | No | An expression string to use as the value of the new entry, for example, `/key` is an existing key in the event of type `Number/String/Boolean`. Expressions can also contain functions returning `Number/String/Integer`. For example, `length(/key)` would return the length of the key in the event when the key is a string. For more information on keys, see [Expression syntax](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/data-prepper/pipelines/expression-syntax/). Required if value and `format are not specified. |
```

> | `value_expression` | No | An expression string to use as the value of the new entry, for example, `/key` is an existing key in the event of type `Number/String/Boolean`. Expressions can also contain functions returning `Number/String/Integer`. For example, `length(/key)` would return the length of the key in the event when the key is a string. For more information on keys, see [Expression syntax](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/data-prepper/pipelines/expression-syntax/). Required if value and `format are not specified. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `value_expression` | No | An expression string to use as the value of the new entry, for example, `/key` is an existing key in the event of type `Number/String/Boolean`. Expressions can also contain functions returning `Number/String/Integer`. For example, `length(/key)` would return the length of the key in the event when the key is a string. For more information about keys, see [Expression syntax](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/data-prepper/pipelines/expression-syntax/). Required if value and `format are not specified. |
```

> | `value_expression` | No | An expression string to use as the value of the new entry, for example, `/key` is an existing key in the event of type `Number/String/Boolean`. Expressions can also contain functions returning `Number/String/Integer`. For example, `length(/key)` would return the length of the key in the event when the key is a string. For more information about keys, see [Expression syntax](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/data-prepper/pipelines/expression-syntax/). Required if `value` and `format` are not specified. |

Reviewer 3: I think we can remove the backticks around "Number/String/Boolean".

Perhaps reword to:

> an existing key in the event of with a type of either number, string, or boolean.

Author: Changed as suggested

> | `value_expression` | No | An expression string to use as the value of the new entry, for example, `/key` is an existing key in the event with a type of either number, string, or boolean. Expressions can also contain functions returning Number/String/Integer. For example, `length(/key)` would return the length of the key in the event when the key is a string. For more information about keys, see [Expression syntax](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/data-prepper/pipelines/expression-syntax/). Required if `value` and `format` are not specified. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `value_expression` | No | An expression string to use as the value of the new entry, for example, `/key` is an existing key in the event with a type of either a number, a string, or a Boolean. Expressions can also contain functions returning Number/String/Integer. For example, `length(/key)` would return the length of the key in the event when the key is a string. For more information about keys, see [Expression syntax](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/data-prepper/pipelines/expression-syntax/). Required if `value` and `format` are not specified. |
```

> | `value_expression` | No | An expression string to use as the value of the new entry, for example, `/key` is an existing key in the event with a type of either a number, a string, or a Boolean. Expressions can also contain functions returning Number/String/Integer. For example, `length(/key)` would return the length of the key in the event when the key is a string. For more information about keys, see [Expression syntax](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/data-prepper/pipelines/expression-syntax/). Required if `value` and `format` are not specified. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `value_expression` | No | An expression string to use as the value of the new entry. For example, `/key` is an existing key in the event with a type of either a number, a string, or a Boolean. Expressions can also contain functions returning Number/String/Integer. For example, `length(/key)` will return the length of the key in the event when the key is a string. For more information about keys, see [Expression syntax](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/data-prepper/pipelines/expression-syntax/). Required if `value` and `format` are not specified. |
```

> | `value_expression` | No | An expression string to use as the value of the new entry, for example, `/key` is an existing key in the event with a type of either a number, a string, or a Boolean. Expressions can also contain functions returning Number/String/Integer. For example, `length(/key)` would return the length of the key in the event when the key is a string. For more information about keys, see [Expression syntax](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/data-prepper/pipelines/expression-syntax/). Required if `value` and `format` are not specified. |

Reviewer 2: Same comment: "Required if neither `value` nor `format` is specified" or "Required if both `value` and `format` are not specified"? Also, is "Number/String/Integer" intentionally capitalized, or should it be lowercase?

> | `add_when` | No | A Data Prepper ['/some_key == "test"'](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/data-prepper/pipelines/expression-syntax/) that will be evaluated to determine if the processor will be run on an Event. |

Reviewer: Is there a noun missing after "A Data Prepper..."?

Author: No, Data prepper follows with conditional expression. It's right.

> | `add_when` | No | A Data Prepper ['/some_key == "test"'](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/data-prepper/pipelines/expression-syntax/) that will be evaluated to determine if the processor will be run on an Event. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `add_when` | No | A [conditional expression](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/data-prepper/pipelines/expression-syntax/), such as [`/some_key == "test"'`](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/data-prepper/pipelines/expression-syntax/), that will be evaluated to determine if the processor will be run on the event. |
```

Reviewer: @shaavanga: Please confirm that the above change retains the technical meaning.

> | `add_when` | No | A [conditional expression](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/data-prepper/pipelines/expression-syntax/), such as `/some_key == "test"'`, that will be evaluated to determine whether the processor will be run on the event. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `add_when` | No | A [conditional expression](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/data-prepper/pipelines/expression-syntax/), such as `/some-key == "test"'`, that will be evaluated to determine whether the processor will be run on the event. |
```

> | `add_when` | No | A [conditional expression](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/data-prepper/pipelines/expression-syntax/), such as `/some_key == "test"'`, that will be evaluated to determine if the processor will be run on the event. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `add_when` | No | A [conditional expression](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/data-prepper/pipelines/expression-syntax/), such as `/some_key == "test"'`, that will be evaluated to determine whether the processor will be run on the event. |
```

        - key: "newMessage"
          value: 3
          overwrite_if_key_exists: true

>         - metadata_key: "myMetadataKey"

Reviewer 3: This value doesn't require any quotes. Let's simplify it:

```
metadata_key: myMetadataKey
```

Author: Changed as suggested
